how's it going everybody trigger 13 here
today I will talk about the m224 mortar
as unique weapon introduced in
battlefield 3 as the support kits forth
unlock some of you might think this is a
new to type of weapon I'd use
effectively this weapon can make a big
difference and cause mass confusion
this is a powerful indirect fire weapon
capable allowing high explosives and
smoke rounds at great distances when you
first select this weapon you must find a
flat piece of terrain to deploy it on
but before setting it down take into
account your surroundings you're
extremely vulnerable while crouched
behind this weapon so find cover in a
remote area of the map don't forget to
take into account the direction you want
to fire aim it towards a problematic
control point or EMCO station as you're
trying to find a suitable area to place
the m224 mortar on you will notice it
changing colors once you see it change
to a green tint you know that this is a
perfect area for you to place your into
24 once you've found a good spot and
have orientated the weapon in the proper
direction set it down and begin firing
at this point and a large mini-map
appears to the left side of the hood you
can see the friendly and blue and the
enemy units and red spotted by your
teammates the more your teammates are
spotting the enemy the more red
indicators at a show up on the minimap
the white cross hairs icon placed on a
mini map shows you where you're aiming
the more
simply place the crosshairs over an
enemy target and fire away by default
high-explosive rounds are chosen but you
can switch to smoke by pressing the
corresponding button p shown on the
right side of the hood but don't expect
a score tons of kill to this weapon but
it is great for softening up any
positions prior to or us during an
assault on a fixed position when you're
finished firing don't forget to pick up
the mortar for moving on